Updating intro-windows-in-k8s for 1.23 (#30947)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/windows/intro-windows-in-kubernetes.md

crashing or restarting without losing any of the networking configuration.

Kubernetes maintains a multi-architecture image that includes support for Windows.

> For Kubernetes v1.23 the recommended pause image is `k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.6`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} the recommended pause image is `k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.6`.

> For Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} the recommended pause image is `k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.6`.

Reviewer: We don't have data / shortcodes for the pause image version. This LGTM.

match the container base image OS version. Only Windows containers with a container
operating system of Windows Server 2019 are fully supported.

> For Kubernetes v1.23, operating system compatibility for Windows nodes (and Pods)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, operating system compatibility for Windows nodes (and Pods)
```
(if this goes stale, it's the Kubernetes project's responsibility to fix that).
